Discord logo belongs to Discord: https://discord.com/branding

Legal info:

DISCORD, DISCORD NITRO, the “Clyde” Logo and any other trademark owned by Discord and its affiliates (the “Discord Marks”) and other brand materials such as logos, trade dress, the Discord look and feel, and other aesthetic features unique to the brand (the “Brand Assets”) are the exclusive property of Discord Inc. 
You must have permission from Discord before using any of the Discord Marks or Brand Assets except as permitted here. 

Always follow these Brand Guidelines when using the Discord Marks and Brand Assets.
Use the Discord Marks to inform people that you are a Discord user and/or that you have a Discord server, but such use must comply with these Brand Guidelines and cannot imply that you are Discord, or somehow sponsored by or acting on behalf of Discord.
Use the Discord Marks properly to direct users: Discord is an adjective you can use to describe your server or username on the Discord platform.
Use the Discord Marks and Brand Assets only on digital assets (i.e. in a digital-only capacity).

Incorporate the Discord Marks or any mark that is confusingly similar to the Discord Marks into the name of a Discord server, or your brand, company or organization name, URL or domain name, event, product name (including any bots developed for the Discord platform), logo, social media account, or trademark.
Adopt any trademarks, trade dress, logos, domain names or other features that are confusingly similar to the Discord Marks or Brand Assets.
Market any product, service, or brand under a trademark, trade dress, logo, or other feature that is confusingly similar to the Discord Marks or Brand Assets.
Copy or imitate the look and feel of the Discord website, desktop app or mobile app or Discord marketing, including, but not limited to, characters, color combinations, graphics, sounds, imagery, presence icons, typefaces, or stylization used by Discord (or anything similar thereto).
Use the Discord Marks and Brand Assets in a manner that is inconsistent with Discord’s Terms of Service or Community Guidelines.
Use the Discord Marks or Brand Assets on merchandise.





Patreon Brand Licensing belongs to Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/brand

Legal notes:

Patreon has trademarks and/or trade dress registered by Patreon, Inc. (and its subsidiaries) in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries around the world. The “Patreon” wordmarks, “Patreon” wordmark designs, and the "P" Logos and P motion logo are Patreon’s trademarks (each and together, “Patreon Marks”).

You are allowed to use the above Patreon Marks only in accordance with these Brand Guidelines. However, only Patreon may use Patreon Marks below. We appreciate your compliance and understanding. In using Patreon Marks depicted above, we ask that you:

Use Patreon Marks fairly. You are always allowed to use the above Patreon Marks to inform people that you are a Patreon creator and/or that you have a Patreon presence.
Always follow these Brand Guidelines when using Patreon Marks.
Always spell Patreon Marks properly.
Use Patreon Marks only on digital assets i.e. in a digital only capacity (for example, on your website, social media, and/or digital press kits promoting your creations and/or Patreon presence).
We do not allow the following uses:

Incorporating Patreon Marks or a confusingly similar mark into the name of your brand, organization, event, or trademark.
Using any trademarks, trade dress or logos that are confusingly similar to Patreon Marks.
Altering, distorting or modifying Patreon Marks in violation of our Brand Guidelines, including adding other terms to Patreon Marks to create new words.
Using Patreon Marks in a manner that is inconsistent with Patreon's Terms of Use or Community Guidelines.
Using Patreon Marks in a manner that, in Patreon's sole opinion, impairs Patreon Marks, and/or is misleading, unfair, defamatory, infringing, libelous, disparaging, tarnishing, obscene, or otherwise objectionable to Patreon.
Filing a trademark, copyright, or patent that contains Patreon Marks.
Licensing or attempting to license Patreon Marks to others in any way.
Using Patreon Marks on merchandise, unless we agree in writing in advance in each instance to any such use.